Now the evidence confirms
Also ask the queen to give the people of Xuan Kingdom an explanation
Please give me an explanation from the national officials
Shi Yun's crime of collaborating with the enemy and treason has been confirmed
Or the Queen's severe punishment
Empress Shiyun, are you going to protect Shiyun?
I must give an explanation today
Severely punish Shi Yun
Otherwise
Law enforcement leads to recidivism
I will wait for the people of Western Province to ask the Green Emperor to punish ten yuan severely
On behalf of the people of Eastern Province, I request that the Green Emperor be severely punished by ten yuan
The emperor fought for many years
In exchange for the peace and prosperity of the entrance today
And now you slander the Emperor for treason
You will chill the heart of the emperor
It even chilled the hearts of the soldiers
Yuhua Shiyun does not accept punishment for a day
People of our country
There will be another crisis
Please also severely punish the luck
Queen, are you going to surround the corpse cloud?
Let's fight to the death?
Empress Qin ordered Shiyun to be severely punished for treason
No and fire extinguishing
Empress Qin severely punished Shiyun to eliminate friends
Empress Qin severely punished Shiyun
Ask the Queen to punish Shiyun severely
Queen, since everyone thinks I am with the enemy and treason
Then I am willing to accept the investigation.
I also ask the Queen to find out the truth as soon as possible
10 yuan each for innocence
Zhang Huang Zhang Huang
I will definitely investigate it.